LAB4/The Emperor's New Clothes by Hans Christian Andersen.md, before:

### The Emperor's New Clothes by Hans Christian Andersen

Many years ago, there was an Emperor, who was so excessively fond of new clothes, that he
spent all his money in dress. He did not trouble himself in the least about his soldiers; nor did
he care to go either to the theatre or the chase, except for the opportunities then afforded him
for displaying his new clothes. He had a different suit for each hour of the day; and as of any
other king or emperor, one is accustomed to say, "he is sitting in council," it was always said of
him, "The Emperor is sitting in his wardrobe."

Time passed merrily in the large town which was his capital; strangers arrived every day at the
court. One day, two rogues, calling themselves weavers, made their appearance. They gave out
that they knew how to weave stuffs of the most beautiful colors and elaborate patterns, the
clothes manufactured from which should have the wonderful property of remaining invisible to
everyone who was unfit for the office he held, or who was extraordinarily simple in character.
(Phase 1 NUTTAKIT)
---
"These must, indeed, be splendid clothes!" thought the Emperor. "Had I such a suit, I might at
once find out what men in my realms are unfit for their office, and also be able to distinguish
the wise from the foolish! This stuff must be woven for me immediately." And he caused large
sums of money to be given to both the weavers in order that they might begin their work
directly.
So the two pretended weavers set up two looms, and affected to work very busily, though in
reality they did nothing at all. They asked for the most delicate silk and the purest gold thread;
put both into their own knapsacks; and then continued their pretended work at the empty
looms until late at night.
(Phase 2 PHATCHARAMAI)
---
"I should like to know how the weavers are getting on with my cloth," said the Emperor to
himself, after some little time had elapsed; he was, however, rather embarrassed, when he
remembered that a simpleton, or one unfit for his office, would be unable to see the
manufacture. To be sure, he thought he had nothing to risk in his own person; but yet, he
would prefer sending somebody else, to bring him intelligence about the weavers, and their
work, before he troubled himself in the affair. All the people throughout the city had heard of
the wonderful property the cloth was to possess; and all were anxious to learn how wise, or
how ignorant, their neighbors might prove to be.
"I will send my faithful old minister to the weavers," said the Emperor at last, after some
deliberation, "he will be best able to see how the cloth looks;
(Phase 3 PHATCHARAMAI)
---
So the faithful old minister went into the hall, where the knaves were working with all their
might, at their empty looms. "What can be the meaning of this?" thought the old man, opening
his eyes very wide. "I cannot discover the least bit of thread on the looms." However, he did not
express his thoughts aloud.

The impostors requested him very courteously to be so good as to come nearer their looms;
and then asked him whether the design pleased him, and whether the colors were not very
beautiful; at the same time pointing to the empty frames. The poor old minister looked and
looked, he could not discover anything on the looms, for a very good reason, viz: there was
nothing there. "What!" thought he again. "Is it possible that I am a simpleton? I have never
thought so myself; and no one must know it now if I am so. Can it be, that I am unfit for my
office? No, that must not be said either. I will never confess that I could not see the stuff."
(Phase 4 PHATCHARAMAI)
---
"Does not the stuff appear as beautiful to you, as it did to my lord the minister?" asked the
impostors of the Emperor's second ambassador; at the same time making the same gestures as
before, and talking of the design and colors which were not there.

"I certainly am not stupid!" thought the messenger. "It must be, that I am not fit for my good,
profitable office! That is very odd; however, no one shall know anything about it." And
accordingly he praised the stuff he could not see, and declared that he was delighted with both
colors and patterns. "Indeed, please your Imperial Majesty," said he to his sovereign when he
returned, "the cloth which the weavers are preparing is extraordinarily magnificent."
(Phase 7 NUTTAKIT)
---
The whole city was talking of the splendid cloth which the Emperor had ordered to be woven at his own expense.

And now the Emperor himself wished to see the costly manufacture,while it was still in the loom.Accompanied by a select number of officers of the court,among whom were the two honest men who had already admired the cloth,he went to the crafty impostors,who,as soon as they were aware of the Emperor's approach,went on working more diligently than ever; although they still did not pass a single through the looms.
(Phase 8 RATTANAPONG)
---
"Is not the work absolutely magnificent?" said the two officers of the crown,already mentioned. "If your Majesty will only be pleased to look at it! What a splendid design! What glorious colors!" and at the same time they pointed to the empty frames; for they imagined that everyone else could see this exquisite pice of workmanship.
(Phase 9 RATTANAPONG)
---
"How is this?" said the Emperor to himself. "I can see nothing! This is indeed a terrible affair!
Am I a simpleton, or am I unfit to be an Emperor? That would be the worst thing that could
happen--Oh! the cloth is charming," said he, aloud. "It has my complete approbation." And he
smiled most graciously, and looked closely at the empty looms; for on no account would he say
that he could not see what two of the officers of his court had praised so much. All his retinue
now strained their eyes, hoping to discover something on the looms, but they could see no
more than the others; nevertheless, they all exclaimed, "Oh, how beautiful!" and advised his
majesty to have some new clothes made from this splendid material, for the approaching
procession. "Magnificent! Charming! Excellent!" resounded on all sides; and everyone was
uncommonly gay. The Emperor shared in the general satisfaction; and presented the impostors
with the riband of an order of knighthood, to be worn in their button-holes, and the title of
"Gentlemen Weavers."
(Phase 10 JIRACHAYA)
---
The rogues sat up the whole of the night before the day on which the procession was to take
place, and had sixteen lights burning, so that everyone might see how anxious they were to
finish the Emperor's new suit. They pretended to roll the cloth off the looms; cut the air with
their scissors; and sewed with needles without any thread in them. "See!" cried they, at last.
"The Emperor's new clothes are ready!"
And now the Emperor, with all the grandees of his court, came to the weavers; and the rogues
raised their arms, as if in the act of holding something up, saying, "Here are your Majesty's
trousers! Here is the scarf! Here is the mantle! The whole suit is as light as a cobweb; one might
fancy one has nothing at all on, when dressed in it; that, however, is the great virtue of this
delicate cloth."
(Phase 11 JIRACHAYA)
---
"But the Emperor has
nothing at all on!" said a little child.

"Listen to the voice of innocence!" exclaimed his father; and what the child had said was
whispered from one to another.

"But he has nothing at all on!" at last cried out all the people. The Emperor was vexed, for he
knew that the people were right; but he thought the procession must go on now! And the lords
of the bedchamber took greater pains than ever, to appear holding up a train, although, in
reality, there was no train to hold.
(Phase 14 NUTTAKIT)

Commit message:

Update add story Phase5,6 By Nonthawat

LAB4/The Emperor's New Clothes by Hans Christian Andersen.md, after:

### The Emperor's New Clothes by Hans Christian Andersen

Many years ago, there was an Emperor, who was so excessively fond of new clothes, that he
spent all his money in dress. He did not trouble himself in the least about his soldiers; nor did
he care to go either to the theatre or the chase, except for the opportunities then afforded him
for displaying his new clothes. He had a different suit for each hour of the day; and as of any
other king or emperor, one is accustomed to say, "he is sitting in council," it was always said of
him, "The Emperor is sitting in his wardrobe."

Time passed merrily in the large town which was his capital; strangers arrived every day at the
court. One day, two rogues, calling themselves weavers, made their appearance. They gave out
that they knew how to weave stuffs of the most beautiful colors and elaborate patterns, the
clothes manufactured from which should have the wonderful property of remaining invisible to
everyone who was unfit for the office he held, or who was extraordinarily simple in character.
(Phase 1 NUTTAKIT)
---
"These must, indeed, be splendid clothes!" thought the Emperor. "Had I such a suit, I might at
once find out what men in my realms are unfit for their office, and also be able to distinguish
the wise from the foolish! This stuff must be woven for me immediately." And he caused large
sums of money to be given to both the weavers in order that they might begin their work
directly.
So the two pretended weavers set up two looms, and affected to work very busily, though in
reality they did nothing at all. They asked for the most delicate silk and the purest gold thread;
put both into their own knapsacks; and then continued their pretended work at the empty
looms until late at night.
(Phase 2 PHATCHARAMAI)
---
"I should like to know how the weavers are getting on with my cloth," said the Emperor to
himself, after some little time had elapsed; he was, however, rather embarrassed, when he
remembered that a simpleton, or one unfit for his office, would be unable to see the
manufacture. To be sure, he thought he had nothing to risk in his own person; but yet, he
would prefer sending somebody else, to bring him intelligence about the weavers, and their
work, before he troubled himself in the affair. All the people throughout the city had heard of
the wonderful property the cloth was to possess; and all were anxious to learn how wise, or
how ignorant, their neighbors might prove to be.
"I will send my faithful old minister to the weavers," said the Emperor at last, after some
deliberation, "he will be best able to see how the cloth looks;
(Phase 3 PHATCHARAMAI)
---
So the faithful old minister went into the hall, where the knaves were working with all their
might, at their empty looms. "What can be the meaning of this?" thought the old man, opening
his eyes very wide. "I cannot discover the least bit of thread on the looms." However, he did not
express his thoughts aloud.

The impostors requested him very courteously to be so good as to come nearer their looms;
and then asked him whether the design pleased him, and whether the colors were not very
beautiful; at the same time pointing to the empty frames. The poor old minister looked and
looked, he could not discover anything on the looms, for a very good reason, viz: there was
nothing there. "What!" thought he again. "Is it possible that I am a simpleton? I have never
thought so myself; and no one must know it now if I am so. Can it be, that I am unfit for my
office? No, that must not be said either. I will never confess that I could not see the stuff."
(Phase 4 PHATCHARAMAI)
---
"Does not the stuff appear as beautiful to you, as it did to my lord the minister?" asked the
impostors of the Emperor's second ambassador; at the same time making the same gestures as
before, and talking of the design and colors which were not there.
---
The impostors requested him very courteously to be so good as to come nearer their looms;
and then asked him whether the design pleased him, and whether the colors were not very
beautiful; at the same time pointing to the empty frames. The poor old minister looked and
looked, he could not discover anything on the looms, for a very good reason, viz: there was
nothing there. "What!" thought he again. "Is it possible that I am a simpleton? I have never
thought so myself; and no one must know it now if I am so. Can it be, that I am unfit for my
office? No, that must not be said either. I will never confess that I could not see the stuff."
(Phase 5 NONTHAWAT)
---
"Well, Sir Minister!" said one of the knaves, still pretending to work. "You do not say whether
the stuff pleases you."
"Oh, it is excellent!" replied the old minister, looking at the loom through his spectacles. "This
pattern, and the colors, yes, I will tell the Emperor without delay, how very beautiful I think
them."
(Phase 6 NONTHAWAT)
---
"I certainly am not stupid!" thought the messenger. "It must be, that I am not fit for my good,
profitable office! That is very odd; however, no one shall know anything about it." And
accordingly he praised the stuff he could not see, and declared that he was delighted with both
colors and patterns. "Indeed, please your Imperial Majesty," said he to his sovereign when he
returned, "the cloth which the weavers are preparing is extraordinarily magnificent."
(Phase 7 NUTTAKIT)
---
The whole city was talking of the splendid cloth which the Emperor had ordered to be woven at his own expense.

And now the Emperor himself wished to see the costly manufacture,while it was still in the loom.Accompanied by a select number of officers of the court,among whom were the two honest men who had already admired the cloth,he went to the crafty impostors,who,as soon as they were aware of the Emperor's approach,went on working more diligently than ever; although they still did not pass a single through the looms.
(Phase 8 RATTANAPONG)
---
"Is not the work absolutely magnificent?" said the two officers of the crown,already mentioned. "If your Majesty will only be pleased to look at it! What a splendid design! What glorious colors!" and at the same time they pointed to the empty frames; for they imagined that everyone else could see this exquisite pice of workmanship.
(Phase 9 RATTANAPONG)
---
"How is this?" said the Emperor to himself. "I can see nothing! This is indeed a terrible affair!
Am I a simpleton, or am I unfit to be an Emperor? That would be the worst thing that could
happen--Oh! the cloth is charming," said he, aloud. "It has my complete approbation." And he
smiled most graciously, and looked closely at the empty looms; for on no account would he say
that he could not see what two of the officers of his court had praised so much. All his retinue
now strained their eyes, hoping to discover something on the looms, but they could see no
more than the others; nevertheless, they all exclaimed, "Oh, how beautiful!" and advised his
majesty to have some new clothes made from this splendid material, for the approaching
procession. "Magnificent! Charming! Excellent!" resounded on all sides; and everyone was
uncommonly gay. The Emperor shared in the general satisfaction; and presented the impostors
with the riband of an order of knighthood, to be worn in their button-holes, and the title of
"Gentlemen Weavers."
(Phase 10 JIRACHAYA)
---
The rogues sat up the whole of the night before the day on which the procession was to take
place, and had sixteen lights burning, so that everyone might see how anxious they were to
finish the Emperor's new suit. They pretended to roll the cloth off the looms; cut the air with
their scissors; and sewed with needles without any thread in them. "See!" cried they, at last.
"The Emperor's new clothes are ready!"
And now the Emperor, with all the grandees of his court, came to the weavers; and the rogues
raised their arms, as if in the act of holding something up, saying, "Here are your Majesty's
trousers! Here is the scarf! Here is the mantle! The whole suit is as light as a cobweb; one might
fancy one has nothing at all on, when dressed in it; that, however, is the great virtue of this
delicate cloth."
(Phase 11 JIRACHAYA)
---
"But the Emperor has
nothing at all on!" said a little child.

"Listen to the voice of innocence!" exclaimed his father; and what the child had said was
whispered from one to another.

"But he has nothing at all on!" at last cried out all the people. The Emperor was vexed, for he
knew that the people were right; but he thought the procession must go on now! And the lords
of the bedchamber took greater pains than ever, to appear holding up a train, although, in
reality, there was no train to hold.
(Phase 14 NUTTAKIT)
